feat: create patch for registry credentials (#154)
eduNEXT/drydock: README.md

- `DRYDOCK_ENABLE_MULTITENANCY`: Whether to enable multitennacy. Defaults to `true`.
- `DRYDOCK_ENABLE_SCORM`: Whether to enable scorm. Defaults to `true`.
- `DRYDOCK_POD_LIFECYCLE`: Whether to enable pod lifecycle. Defaults to `true`.

> - `DRYDOCK_REGISTRY_CREDENTIALS`: A string with the credentials to access the private registry. The format is `'{"auths":{"https://your.custom.registry/v1/":{"auth":"Abcsks45wnf"}}}'`. Defaults to `""`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `DRYDOCK_REGISTRY_CREDENTIALS`: A string with the credentials to access the private registry. The format should follow the [kubernetes config.json interpretation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/containers/images/#config-json). Defaults to `""`.
```
